Oie docs embedded master golang 2 (#2438)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/go/integrationsteps.md

## Integration steps

> ### Step 1: Navigate to sign-in page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Navigate to the sign-in page
```

When the user navigates to the sign-in page, the Widget
[loads](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/)
and automatically displays the **Sign in with Facebook** button. If the Facebook button doesn't appear,
make sure that you have completed all the steps in [Configuration Updates](#configuration-updates).

> Note the Facebook button in the following screenshot:

Author: text updated.

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![A screenshot of the sign-in widget showing the username and password](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-idp-sign-in-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Displays the the Sign-In Widget showing the username, password, and Facebook button](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-idp-sign-in-page.png)
```

Author: text updated.

</div>

> ### Step 2: Click on Facebook link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Click the Facebook link
```

> When the user chooses a Facebook sign-in and clicks **Sign in with Facebook**, they are redirected to

Author: I removed the first part of the sentence entirely since it wasn't needed.

the Facebook sign-in page.

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![A screenshot of the Facebook sign-in page](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-fb-sign-in-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Displays the Facebook sign-in page](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-fb-sign-in-page.png)
```

</div>

> ### Step 3: Sign in using Facebook sign-in page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Sign in using the Facebook sign-in page
```

Once the user enters their credentials in the Facebook sign-in page, Facebook first validates the sign-in

> request. If the sign-in is successful, Facebook redirects the request to the Okta org URL you entered in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request. If the sign-in is successful, Facebook redirects the request to the Okta org URL that you've entered in the
```

Author: updated to present perfect tense.

> **Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** and **Site URL** fields. These field values, described in [Set up your Okta org (for social identity providers)](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-social-identity-providers), have the following format: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`, for example, `https://dev-12345678.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** and **Site URL** fields. These field values, described in [Set up your Okta org (for social identity providers)](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-social-identity-providers), have the following format: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`. For example, `https://dev-12345678.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.
```

> **Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** and **Site URL** fields. The values, described in [Set up your Okta org (for social identity providers)](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-social-identity-providers), take on the following format: `https://{Okta org domain}/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`, for example, `https://dev-12345678.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** and **Site URL** fields. These field values, described in [Set up your Okta org (for social identity providers)](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-social-identity-providers), have the following format: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`, for example, `https://dev-12345678.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.
```

> ### Step 4: Handle callback from Okta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Handle the callback from Okta
```

Author: Updated.

After Facebook sends the success login request to your Okta org, the org redirects the request
to your app through the Application's **Sign-in redirect URIs** field. This field was set up in
[Create and set up your Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/). The application

> code that wires up the callback URL to a function is identical to the code described in

Author: updated.

[step 2](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-basic-sign-in/#step-2-handle-the-callback-from-okta) in
[Basic sign-in using the widget](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-basic-sign-in/).
See that guide for more details.

### Step 5: Get tokens, store them, and redirect to default sign-in page

The next step is to get the tokens from the `/token` endpoint using the
returned `interaction_code` and the PCKE parameters. After the tokens are fetched,
store them in session for later use. The code that fetches and stores these tokens

> is identical to the code in described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is identical to the code described in
```

Author: "in" removed.

[step 3](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-basic-sign-in/#step-3-get-tokens-store-them-and-redirect-to-default-sign-in-page) in [Basic sign-in using the widget](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-basic-sign-in/).
See that guide for more details.

### Step 6 (Optional): Retrieve user profile information

You can obtain basic user information by making a request to the authorization server.

> Make a call to the  [`/v1/userinfo`](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#userinfo) endpoint using the tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a call to the [`/v1/userinfo`](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#userinfo) endpoint using the tokens
```

Author: space removed
